and then there's our dear friend
earthling
ed or might i say
alexander which is his real name
actually
i do not believe that he cares at all
about animals
i am not a fan of earthling ed
and this is not a personal attack
because earthling ed has done
nothing to me but he has done some
pretty shady things to people that i
know personally
the idea that we had was that we were
going to open up an entirely non-profit
vegan diner where we'd serve delicious
vegan food so that's exactly where i am
today i'm in that 100
non-profit vegan diary
the scam loop is very obvious
money from unity diner allegedly
going to search which is not even a
registered company
or charity they had no intention
of making it not for profit
i genuinely believe that he only got
involved
in it because he saw it as a tremendous
financial opportunity because as a vegan
activist you can make a lot of money
unity dyna was incorporated over a year
ago
it had all the time to register it as a
not for profit which also gives them
tax relief and deductions
if you were truly raising money for
animal activism you would be losing out
having it as a private limited company
i'm not going to name who said this to
me because i don't want to
get them in any trouble but what was
very interesting
was the particular sanctuary was trying
to raise money in order to
buy some nearby land that was going to
be
converted into a slaughterhouse and they
wanted to buy the land and extend the
sanctuary so they were trying to
raise a certain amount of money for that
and they went
to earthling ed's restaurant
the name of the restaurant is escaping
me right now but
i actually went there and ate there the
food was really great so that person
went to earthling eggs restaurant it's
supposed to be a restaurant that raises
money
for animals so that person found
earthling ed
in that restaurant and said we've made
some flyers
for our animal sanctuary that we're
trying to raise money for
can you pass these on to the people
that visit the restaurant and he was
like sure thing
no problem consider it done later on
that person that told me this story went
to check if they had
distributed the flyers and a person
working at the restaurant
told them that he took the flyers and
literally just
dumped them in the trash is that
something
that an animal rights activist does
no one is going to question saintly at
the vegan jesus i would
i'm vegan but this is going to be the
seventh video on this channel
questioning the leadership of birthing
head there are some other people who
should have been doing some questioning
there are some other people who should
have been doing some google searches
plant-based news has a history you might
know about they have a history of
accusing
me of running a fundraising scam they
didn't do one google search
they didn't even check my youtube
channel they didn't talk to me they just
made that allegation publicly and
reached
tens of thousands of viewers with it no
apology
no retraction never took responsibility
plant-based news
it would not have been very difficult
for you to do the little bit of google
searching
to look into the reality of what it was
earthling it had incorporated
the way this guy bobby's perspective did
since 2016
he had three years to register
as a charity on the search animal
activism homepage which at gaunt
setup in 2016 we can see
the donation button on the donation page
as you can see it claims the company is
pursuing status as a uk
registered charity how contrived and
convenient
that they make that statement on the
donations page
another fascinating thing that i heard
is that there is a
vegan arab prince he has been a
financial
backer of earthling ed and a lot of
other
uk-based animal rights activists i've
heard that earthling ed instead of using
that money to you know further
his animal rights activism he's used it
to buy an apartment
in london like in a very expensive area
these
uh supposed animal rights activists are
making a ton of money out of this
and i would expect a lot more
results to be honest
[Music]
the sun will one day set on this world
and a new
dawn will rise out of the ashes of
violence
hope will rise
[Music]
can you feel it as it transmutes from
something that we only used to be able
to dream of
to something that exists in front of us
something we can see something
that is tangible change the change
that is coming clown
college i'm not going to enroll in that
clown college
that advertisement had no effect on me
whatsoever
now we as a movement exist in the
millions of individuals but together we
move as
one and these industries the ones who
exploit others
they feel what we feel
and they fear it and they fear
us and they should fear us
for every single day our numbers grow
stronger
our conviction grows harder and that
change becomes
ever more inevitable than it was the day
previous
and they fear us because they know that
we will not stop
fighting though we will never take a
day's rest
and we will never take a day's break
until the animals are liberated from the
shackles that our species
has imprisoned them within
[Music]
we will never take a date
[Applause]
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me